Update handle-email-events.md (#123845)
Azure/azure-content: articles/communication-services/quickstarts/email/handle-email-events.md

To view event triggers, we need to generate some events. To trigger an event, [send email](../email/send-email.md) using the Email domain resource attached to the Communication Services resource.

> - `Email Delivery Report Received` events are generated when the Email status is in terminal state, e.g Delivered, Failed, FilteredSpam, Quarantined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Email Delivery Report Received` events are generated when the Email status is in terminal state, like Delivered, Failed, FilteredSpam, Quarantined.

```
